chapter1{
    "" : ""
}

chapter2{
    "What is the name of Chapter 2 of the NCO Handbook?" : "Be, Know, Do",
    "What are the attributes of a leader?" : "Character, Intellect, Presence",
    "What are the competencies of a leader?" : "Achieves, Develops, Leads",
    "What are the 6 NCO Core Competencies?" : "Readiness, Leadership, Training Management, Operations, Communication, Program Management",
    "What are the 5 different types of responsibities covered in Chapter 2 of the NCO Handbook" : "Command, Custodial, Direct, Personal, Supervisory",
}

chapter3{
    "What is the name for the 3rd chapter of the NCO guide" : "The Roadmap to Effective Leadership",
    "What are the attributes of a leader?" : "Character, Intellect, Presence",
    "What are the competencies of a leader?" : "Achieves, Develops, Leads",
    "What are the two types of infuences a leader can have?" : "Commitment, Compliance",
    "What are the two independent sources of power?" : "Postion Power, Pesonnel Power",
    "What are the six types of power?" : "Coercive, Expert, Information, Legitimate, Referent, Reward",
    "What are the different types of leadership styles?" : "Affiliative, Authoritative, Coaching, Coercive, Democratic, Pacesetting",
    "Which leadership styles promotes commitment-based following?" : "Affiliative, Authoritative, Coaching, Democratic",
    "Which leadership styles promote compliance-based following?" : "Coercive, Pacesetting",
    "What are the four consistent factors of that affect leadership?" : "The leader, The led, the situation, the communication",
    "What are the three types of duties that an NCO must accomplish?" : "Specified duties, Directed duties, Implied duties",
    "What are the three levels of leadership?" : "Direct, Organizational, Strategic",
    "What are the three different types of counselings?" : "Event counseling, Performance counseling, Professional growth counseling",
}

chapter4{
    "What is the name of the 4th chapter of the NCO guide?" : "Training",
    "What ADP covers training?" : "ADP 7-0",
    "What FM covers training" : "FM 7-0",
    "What are the principles of training?" : "Train as you fight, Train to standard, Train to sustain, Train to maintain",
    "What regulation covers training?" : "AR 350-1",
    "What are the training domains?" : "Institutional, Operational, Self-Development",
    "What are the three proficiencies units train?" : "Mission-essential tasks, Weapons, Collective live-fire",
    "What are the training techniques NCO's can use?" : "Lane Training, Hip-pocket training, Sergeant's time training, Training models",
}

chapter5{
    "What is the name of the fifth chaper of the NCO Guide" : "Mission Command",
    "How does Chapter 5 define mission command" : "The Army's approach to command and control that empowers subordinate decision making and decentralized execution appropriate to the situation",
    "What are the elements of mission command?" : "Authority, Decision making, Leadership, Responsibility",
    "What are the elements of control?" : "Communication, Direction, Feedback, Information",
    "What are the principles of mission command?" : "Competence, Mutual Trust, Shared Understanding, Commander's Intent, Mission Orders, Disciplined Initiative, Risk Acceptance",
    "What are the Troop Leading Procedures" : "Receive the Mission, Issue a warning order, Make a tentative plan, Start necessary movements, Conduct reconnaissance, Complete the plan, Issue the Operations Order, Supervise and refine",
    "What are the five paragraphs in all mission orders?" : "Situation, Mission, Execution, Sustainment, Command and Signal",
    "What are the Army's six warfighting functions?" : "Movement and Maneuver, Intelligence, Fires, Sustainment, Protection, Command and Control",
    "What tasks fall under the C2 Warfighing function" : "Command forces, Control operations, Drive the operations process, Establish the C2 system",
    "What are the components of the C2 system" : "People, Processes, Networks, Command posts",
}

chapter6{
    "What is the name of Chapter 6 of the NCO Guide?" : "The Army Profession",
    "What are the characteristics of the Army Profession" : "Trust, Honorable Service, Military Expertise, Stewarship of the Profession, Esprit De Corps",
    "What are the army values?" : "Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Selfless Service, Honor, Integrity, Personal Courage",
    "How many streamers are on the Army flag" : "189",
    "What are the colors of the Army flag" : "Red, White, Blue",
    "What are the senses of pride derived from?" : "Self Pride, Civic Pride, National Pride, Espirit de Corps",
    "What are the basic elements of an inspection?" : "Measure performance against a standard, Determine the magnitude of the problem, Seek the root cause of a problem, Determine a solution",
    "What are NCO's certified in that makes them Army professionals?" : "Candor, Competence, Character, Commitment, Standards",
}
